Gwenevere Abriel: No show
Gwenevere Abriel: These kids playing with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm in session.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not, you know, tune into that you just
Gwenevere Abriel: Need to keep an eye on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Animal
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi. Oh.
Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you just waking up.
Saraniah Aston: Know I woke up at 830
Saraniah Aston: Oh my god, my life is
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what's the roller coaster.
Like
Saraniah Aston: Well,
Saraniah Aston: Few days ago I was good to go. I was my mom picks me up to go to her place those to just do laundry their
Saraniah Aston: Help her clean her house a little bit and
Saraniah Aston: She was like, I have something to tell you. And whenever she says that it freaks me out takes me back to her saying that many, many times in my life and me having to like grip for dear life waiting here. What that's going to be this. Yes, say I was your father.
Saraniah Aston: Showed up
Saraniah Aston: I haven't
Saraniah Aston: Seen my father in a very long time and
Saraniah Aston: He just showed up, apparently. Well, no, she said that he showed up at her place.
Saraniah Aston: And he was
Saraniah Aston: A look 10 years older than he was look very frail and
Saraniah Aston: She's letting stay with her and she doesn't know her. I'm like, Well, what are your plans and she doesn't. She says, I don't know. And I asked. I spoke to my father.
Saraniah Aston: And I asked him, like how did you drive all the way out here. I didn't really know where he was staying. I was on the East Coast somewhere.
Saraniah Aston: And he said, Oh, well, your mom helped me with with motel rooms on the way here.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, so
Saraniah Aston: I didn't even bring it up. My mom I just figured, you know what
Saraniah Aston: Screw it. What if
Saraniah Aston: Whatever. OK, so my father is here and I just
Saraniah Aston: And my brother is just so if for for some reason.
Saraniah Aston: He is so mean and it's like behind my mother's back
Saraniah Aston: So she doesn't see so she doesn't really understand what I'm talking about.
Saraniah Aston: And so it's really painful because we're like grown up now, you know, we're not kids anymore. And it's just ridiculous that for some reason he's me.
Saraniah Aston: So I went, I went to my mom that I stayed there because my dad was there and I haven't seen him in a very long time and I took a picture with him because the last time I took a picture with my dad. I was 12 you know
What
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. A lot of big feeling so many mixing around. I hear it. Right. I hear this wave of like confusion and what, like so many things coming at you all at once.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, we can do this together. Okay. We can do this. How do you want to feel today.
Saraniah Aston: Better
Gwenevere Abriel: Better. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's do it. Let's do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay, well maybe it means crying. First, maybe it means feeling the grief of not having a father. Maybe we got to do that first.
Saraniah Aston: This is
Saraniah Aston: So much
Saraniah Aston: Works through us and then let go of men.
Saraniah Aston: You know I never expected to see my father again or you speak to him again.
Saraniah Aston: And there he is. And he looks like this broken man.
Saraniah Aston: Like there is no room for anger. There is no room for anything except for
Saraniah Aston: Looking after kind of this man broken old
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, my client that's you is saying there's no room for her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know about that. Can I check in on that a little bit.
Saraniah Aston: He told me he's like you know you can yell at me as much as you want. I'm like, Dad, I don't have it in me anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's different.
Gwenevere Abriel: Than there's no room.
Gwenevere Abriel: For me, right, that's a real different position to be in. If you're done.
Gwenevere Abriel: With the anger and you want to meet him in his frailty. You don't see that same threat around him. Okay, then let's go for it. We can have a completely different new relationship, but I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want my client to feel like there's no room for her.
Saraniah Aston: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so yes I kick it words, yes I do my overanalyze words I do, but they're powerful, they're all I have over here in Florida to represent that's what's going on inside.
Saraniah Aston: I know, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so no room for my anger. So let's just see. Can we sit with it and see how his
Gwenevere Abriel: Face was doing it looked despairing it looks like so much hurt.
Saraniah Aston: So much pain right now.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah woman's been. I don't even know how to do it.
Saraniah Aston: Okay. It really hurts. It really, it's really confusing. It's like
Saraniah Aston: All these things just
Saraniah Aston: There's no end to it, my life.
Saraniah Aston: I want to
Saraniah Aston: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I do, I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And these unexpected intense chaotic relationships like your brother does
Gwenevere Abriel: Your dad your mom. Just keep showing up and just
Gwenevere Abriel: Think I've got an action plan. Here's my next step here comes another one to throw you off the
Books.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Saraniah Aston: Sorry, I had to grab my coffee.
Gwenevere Abriel: I understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Saraniah Aston: I was just trying to talk to random friends that I barely know on like Instagram to calm me down.
Saraniah Aston: To help me calm down because i'm not i haven't you know freaked out this much, you know, while
Saraniah Aston: And I've been pretty much keeping my stuff together. I've been doing okay and
Saraniah Aston: When something comes in that threaten my stability.
Saraniah Aston: It really scares me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see what you still put together. Let's just take a little check will step way back and look around your, your space, see if there happens to be already
Gwenevere Abriel: If you've ever done a collage or you started one that represents who you are. Just look around and see if there is a sketch. If there's you kind of already kind of put together. Is there anything in here in that space and some new one for you. So I don't know what's there.
Saraniah Aston: Right now all I have is a picture that of me and my mom that I afraid that's got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, why don't we do kind of depart. Our from our usual right talk therapy. And what if, what if you and I do something a little different. I'm going to, I'm going to draw. And do you have a piece of paper handy.
Something you would like to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yes. In fact, you might want to get. So here's the invitation. And you might decide on the color. So here's the invitation. So what I'm thinking is we're going to take this paper, and we're going to draw. And I'm going to give an instruction and if you know anything about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't matter that you follow my rules is whatever comes up for you. So I'm just going to give an instruction and wherever you depart from there. Why, then, that comes from your creative spirit, and I welcome that. So the introduction is this, we're going to draw square here in the middle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And we're not going to make it big, which is going to make it kind of as big or small, but let's picture what's in it. It's going to be all of that uncertainty that hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: That chaos and it's going to be made even squiggly squiggly Scrushy la chaos is where our right here in the middle and you decide what color you decide what's in there but it needs to have edges. Okay, it's going to be contained. That's one instruction. I will say, so here's mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna do mine actually my do my little off to the side and I do mind like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's what my website.
Saraniah Aston: What up,
Saraniah Aston: Interesting. Here's
Mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: And add
Saraniah Aston: A little accident.
Gwenevere Abriel: I now write something about that x came up for me. It's almost like we have some parallel stuff going on. So my slightly. At first I was like to, I want it in the middle. And I was like, no, I really want off to the side.
Gwenevere Abriel: I really had this longing and sort of went with it and I movie. I didn't want it to be. I wanted to kind of small, but I didn't want it to say this doesn't matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really wanted it to still say this is still impacting me but I made sure it was self contained and I have edges I have it encased in here does yours have a self contained square
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, and I also made it slightly to the side to
Gwenevere Abriel: What do we think of that.
Saraniah Aston: Maybe it's just something that's maybe
Saraniah Aston: Maybe some real side.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so let's take a look at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, just sort of go with it and say, if this is an encapsulation with boundaries and has boundaries. Notice
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice if you want to do something with those boundaries. Do you want to make them thicker. Do you want to have a little spikes coming out. Just take a look at them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this whole page is you and that square is the hurt is the wound that just showed up when you came in here today. It was that I'm hurting. I'm in so much pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I saw it. I saw it in your effect. And we can put it right in here, and we can have it represented in there. See if you want to do something to the containment. See if there's something you want to draw in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's make sure really represents that hurt that anger that pain. It's all of it. It's from all of these abandonments rejections crazy, making it a mom than an abandonment from a Dan all of it gets right. What do they call it a zip, zip drive it gets smooth.
Gwenevere Abriel: driver gets really condensed on my holiday do. It's amazing. Well, we're doing it now. We're going to do it we're gonna we're going to really jam it up and we're not getting rid of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today we're going to put it somewhere. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, see what comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I just, I just got something so I'm adding to my image. And remember the whole pages you this box is all that wounding that hurt that anger, all those core emotions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just came up with.
Gwenevere Abriel: This whole page represents me. This is all of my identity. These are all of my sort of my truth. My experience. This is me. This is my my consciousness my consciousness is called the things I'm aware of. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I get this interesting thing I noticed right away that I wanted some arrows pointing to it. I noticed I was like, I didn't want to forget it. It was like, it's like I needed to point it out somehow.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I noticed what came away from it. Were these little hearts, which is bizarre. Um, but I'm going
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you know what I and as soon as I was doing it. I was thinking, you know, I wonder if this is more about my client.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I mean, you take something kind of you look and you see the beauty in it. And I wondered, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that a lot of what are wondering can do we can take that wounded place we can deeply connect with other people and have have that intimacy and that connection and we give well we didn't get I can give what I didn't get
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey look, here I got hurt. I know other people's hurt. And here I can give kindness unconditional love, I can be clear my communication.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can be loving and kind. I didn't get it. I can give it. That's kind of what this felt like for me. What do you when you look at yours. What are you seeing
Saraniah Aston: Oh, whoa. Mine is just a box.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I hate you. You don't see me. Look at that.
Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a look at it again make sure it's got all the right colors and sure it's got all the right shapes the intensity to it. Make sure the intensity shines clear
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I think with the just contrast. That's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, the black and white or dark and light colors the contract. Yeah. Okay. Is it just the right size like it's taking up just enough space. Not too much, not too little.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now let's let's look at the negative meaning the negative space negative, it actually can be a positive on this page, the negative space leaves room for all this other stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at all this room. It leaves leaves all this room. And if this is your consciousness and if we say, well, we're going to contain the wound and the hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here, look at your page and see what comes up for what all could be going on in the rest of the space. The rest of your weakness, your consciousness. Your attention right our intention and our attention, our focus. What could be going on.
Saraniah Aston: Intention is a word that catches me
Gwenevere Abriel: A symbol of that intention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does it feel when you gaze on the white that negative space out there.
Saraniah Aston: Little lonely.
Saraniah Aston: Scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Scary.
Saraniah Aston: Well let's look a little bit of opportunity, perhaps for something that I don't know what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's play with that just playing. First let's play with
Gwenevere Abriel: If you sit with consciousness of lovely that's in the negative space. It means you'll have to sit with a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Right within a little longer. Look at your negative space kind of left that in
Gwenevere Abriel: And just see
Gwenevere Abriel: What's missing here.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you like on this page.
Saraniah Aston: Flowers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get some farmers. Notice where you want to put them just notice where you're gravitating if it's hesitancy will it come from the edge.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to keep it far away from the wound. Will it be far away, or do you want it nearby just pay attention to. You just see where you gravitate. All right, just tuning in to your
Saraniah Aston: Chain.
Saraniah Aston: Coming from the box, but I think I stole your idea kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I didn't come up with these are none of mine. I don't know any of these ideas I get them from I just kind of taken in my own. I don't know. Like, they're not mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I picked this up from somewhere else. Right. I might I'm even wondering if I hang up this
Saraniah Aston: Flowers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, I like it when intention has its own special little thing. Let me see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Saraniah Aston: Awesome hard
Gwenevere Abriel: Heart with a little cross
Saraniah Aston: Were hurt supposed to be in front of the cross. The cross means don't enter kind of
Saraniah Aston: Heart is overpowering the cross
Saraniah Aston: By standing in front
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we've got intention.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: If we were to just sit with dualism, which you sit with in this one image. What if we
Gwenevere Abriel: Made it even more dualistic which means we pulled these concepts further apart and we took what is in that symbol there. How would it change if we can take whatever fear ambivalence hesitation and put it
Gwenevere Abriel: consolidated into the Zip drive and put it in there. So you take, take a look at your symbol with the heart and across. See if there's something, how it can transform. Let's get, let's get it in that box. See if there's a way to get that
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would it. What would it take
Gwenevere Abriel: Other steps involved as it happened with magic.
Saraniah Aston: You know, just
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get right. And we've already had stuff in motion. For me, the arrows and for you. And then with these fines with the different
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can get where you're working very hard right now. So let's see if we can get some symbolism what looks like.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going from this
Gwenevere Abriel: Conflicted
Intention
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting whatever negative about it and kind of Zip drive in it, getting it compacted down
Gwenevere Abriel: Through willpower and what does it look like, how do
Saraniah Aston: I put my symbol in there which is three small circles and it try
Saraniah Aston: Why it's always been a little simple
Gwenevere Abriel: See
Ya.
Gwenevere Abriel: Three small circles. Okay. Yeah. And there's the heart and it's in there. I don't see what, where's the triangle is how
Saraniah Aston: Oh, the, the, they sit in a triangle.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it now. Yeah, I had my know and i true another triangle. But now I see what you're saying.
Saraniah Aston: And sometimes they're just dots. But yeah, I love that. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now.
Saraniah Aston: It just reminds me of me. That's all.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now that symbol of above for intention. Let's look at it looks gaze out it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, see what becomes available. See how it can transform
Gwenevere Abriel: With what you just put inside that trauma box or negative
Gwenevere Abriel: Black box.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that, because it records everything black box, kind of like in an airplane like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like that. That's the black box right of our conscience.
Gwenevere Abriel: But okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we can go to it when we want to. So how does our
Shadows.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does that transform up top tension.
Saraniah Aston: What do you mean how does it transform like what do you, what do you mean by that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So at first. So I draw this heart and I see this cross on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so somehow you know your your heart with the with the cross right through willpower gets to hear
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't see how it got there. I'd love to see in symbol how he did it. Those dots just sort of BAM and was it magic is is willpower magic. What is it,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know this is hard stuff.
Saraniah Aston: Willpower I think
Saraniah Aston: It's determination to live.
Saraniah Aston: Well, at least in my, in my
Saraniah Aston: For me, at least.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, so I know willpower.
Saraniah Aston: determination to blast has everything else.
Saraniah Aston: Negative that tries to drag me down and live
Gwenevere Abriel: Why does it work on something like this before, which had to do, maybe with channeling that anger member we've used that before and now I've heard this word blast it makes me wonder if we can use it now.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, because that is a there is anger there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh right, with blast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's see if we can do it. So I want you to sort of see what comes up for you and your imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: What can happen if transforming that heart with right with that sort of mixture of positive and negative and that imagery. See if you can blast it somehow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And they always need plans gravity in those little dots and then they land inside the box. How do we get this last experience with determination. How do we get that transformation. So, the intention is pure and simple. I'm conflicted.
Saraniah Aston: Though I feel like a very close to delete.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so let's just, well we can we can go back to this imagery in a second for a noun little analytical for a second. I'm watching
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: In order to fuel determination.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it thrive on survive on what is determination fueled by to terminate live, what does it really feed on.
Saraniah Aston: What is Determination. Determination.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here, come on, come look at me try.
Gwenevere Abriel: To come outside of ourselves to recognize
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I look like a determined woman in general.
Saraniah Aston: Well,
Oh,
Saraniah Aston: You know, you seem kind of
Saraniah Aston: Chill.
Gwenevere Abriel: Chill. Okay. Do you think I used to be.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wonder what came up was it and he going to school, was it sitting friend Sam, what do you think just came up for you around. I used to probably be determined now and chill.
Saraniah Aston: Oh no, I'm talking more in
Saraniah Aston: Our own from when we've been like the beginning of our being able to reverse speaking and to. Now that's what I'm talking about.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we can use that. I'll go with wherever you are. So we can take that we can say the client therapist, the right that relationship we can say, I used to look determined right
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, with your not knowing me with your glasses on and with just a straight shooting questions. Yeah, that was determination.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great shooting and my glasses on and now until
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does. Notice how I'm directing I'm still directing a lot of this color this black that are still coming at you with a bunch of invitations and questions.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I guess you're yes
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how are they different. How do you feel different.
Gwenevere Abriel: One feels like ooh this woman's determined versus something else going on in here.
Saraniah Aston: Actually know when you when you put it like that. No, I would say, you're definitely determine
Saraniah Aston: It's more dedicated and both dedicated and determined
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Saraniah Aston: What but what determinations speeds up. That's what I'm trying to figure out
Gwenevere Abriel: And try and hypothesize on me. Why am I so determined. What's my agenda doing this.
Saraniah Aston: Because it's your passion.
Saraniah Aston: Because that's what probably keeps you going
My passion.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, your permission.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it only to ask questions that people are gonna have a hard time answering
Saraniah Aston: Know it's the whole picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're almost there. You're almost there. So I'm fueled by what what keeps me asking these questions that give me the whole picture. What fuels that
Saraniah Aston: It's not an option.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I'm asking, we're trying
Gwenevere Abriel: To take looking at me, though I know it's uncomfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but then we'll come back to you. I'm pretty good at grabbing hold of what looks like very loose ends and pulling it back together. So just look at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at this lady right, she's still determined. She boy fueled by something, why she's so determined. Hi. How does she keep going. What does she motivates me and trying and
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying and guess what
Saraniah Aston: I would say perhaps that is a little bit of
Saraniah Aston: Willpower as well.
Saraniah Aston: I mean, you would have to keep going, dealing with difficult things but
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we sit with that let's let go of willpower. That's very good.
Gwenevere Abriel: We just tried to leave there and you've brought us back, let's leave that morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Way outside the page on my hands outside the screen you can have it back at the end, still a big fan of it. Okay, and have a right back.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just come back here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I keep doing what, what am I doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Animation. I'm with what with what kind of people. What did you say earlier.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, don't let it go, it didn't feel strong enough to stick around we'll let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm determined right this lady. Look at her.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's fueled by what try it again. Come out what motivates me
Saraniah Aston: passion for what
Saraniah Aston: To help people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and that one. You looked right at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So do I get my fueling by giving you relief by creating an opportunity for you to see your own strength for you to see. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: choice and freedom.
Saraniah Aston: I think so. I definitely think so yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Saraniah Aston: Help. I mean, I can feel it anyways I can feel your
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, there is that care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, care, homeboy. And if this was outside of the therapeutic relationship, what would this look like
Saraniah Aston: I don't know, maybe some sort of a friendship.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. And I would
Saraniah Aston: Care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and care goes by a lot of different names. It's a range of what
Saraniah Aston: Will love
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. That's it. You found it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there we go. Now, look at your paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go, here we go, here we go. What fuels your determination to live what fuels.
Saraniah Aston: My daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's that love that solid pure perfect love on ambivalent perfection.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we blast it with an axe. What about an exploding. Look at the heart. How do we explode without truth of what love is.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let go of any hesitation any mixed feelings about your intentions, your intentions are loving
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, what's your image I can looking at it right now and I've our
Gwenevere Abriel: Formula got something going on but yet the cup from you. How do we take a blast. How do we move from this energy of what a blast is and we use this perfect love
Gwenevere Abriel: This intention to lose the symbolism.
Gwenevere Abriel: That x on on the bars. How do we do it. Can you do it.
Saraniah Aston: Just by remembering
Saraniah Aston: Be aware
Saraniah Aston: By being clear headed
Saraniah Aston: So that you can come back what matters.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm looking
Gwenevere Abriel: Lady
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I haven't heard the last reading yet so I am determined that I persevere here working hard to help you get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just so want you to feel the blast and you haven't said words that sound anything like it yet.
Saraniah Aston: Will I've decided to save up and I'm going to Israel, where the next three months.
I'm hoping
Saraniah Aston: And that's all I'm doing it all by myself.
Saraniah Aston: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're going to, you're going to need determination and when you get the symbolism, because you've already taught me the front of the first time first time was all about those questions. The second time I met you I realized
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to need to use imagery. We're going to need to kind of pull in concepts of archetype and collage and drawings and we're going to need to leave those in. So I am determined right now that you get. Look at your little heart.
Gwenevere Abriel: This thing right up here. See this
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, go. Look at that. And I want you to picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: It keeps getting love help and care what is going to happen to that part.
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Saraniah Aston: Explode with love.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I'm so corny but you said
Gwenevere Abriel: I may just say goodnight.
Saraniah Aston: Kiss cheesy. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, but I won't tell anyone. Don't worry, but look and see if it's true. Can you imagine those bars away.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, have a real opportunity to shine.
Yeah, you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Every opportunity and I'm talking about every opportunity every opportunity that your first
Gwenevere Abriel: Get your, your history, your first response is going to be recoil and it'll be insult and I know, I know that they're going to keep coming at you. I know these
Gwenevere Abriel: The woodwork comes father and ugliness from from me meant unconditional love and a brother that's so confusing and out of the woodworks they'll come and they will continue.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I know. That's what I'm I'm realizing that to that it doesn't really end. So you have to see. I find some way to deal with it koeppen be just my own personal
Saraniah Aston: What
Gwenevere Abriel: If we're onto something right on this page look at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying get that glass to happen, visually, how do you do it draw it out, get the bright colors and let's see what happens on this page.
Gwenevere Abriel: don't censor yourself really go with the flow.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hard explode like that. How do we get to our true intention. How do we do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: explodes with love. How do you make that visual and visceral
Gwenevere Abriel: Come back to me. What is it that I do, again, we do every time, even though I see someone who probably doesn't have a great first impression of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know when someone does not like me. I can tell. That's okay. But what did I do instead, what did I do, what did I
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep doing
Saraniah Aston: Will you kept asking questions.
Saraniah Aston: And
Saraniah Aston: You didn't give up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your fear doesn't scare me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your anger doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: doesn't define me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hung in there because I like to know my intentions are really good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Their goofy there corny. They're out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But my intentions are pure
Gwenevere Abriel: So now you can see it here. Guess what, if you can see it in another. That means you can see it in yourself that I learned a long time ago you recognize it in me and i think you know it in yourself.
Saraniah Aston: My intentions are pure to
Saraniah Aston: They haven't always been my life but now they are
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all we need. We hope. But that's all we have right now. And so this page look at your little page here. How do we get this heart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Symbolically through color through Collage, through little drawings. How do we get it to damage so symbolically as exploding with love. What does it do on this page, what does it do
Saraniah Aston: Who do I guess.
Saraniah Aston: Focus. I need to focus
Gwenevere Abriel: So what is your hand. How does it. How does it demonstrate focus
Saraniah Aston: On site.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how is it represented in color.
Gwenevere Abriel: And shape and size.
Saraniah Aston: Staircase
Saraniah Aston: Going down
Gwenevere Abriel: Your face. Let's see that get john see if we can find a way to represent that staircase, you got something
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I just, uh, well I just route.
Saraniah Aston: By staircase.
Saraniah Aston: And then that
Gwenevere Abriel: Person leading
Saraniah Aston: The fight away from chaos.
Saraniah Aston: Chaos is sitting at the top of the stairs.
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where's it going
Gwenevere Abriel: Where's it going, I don't see what's going
Saraniah Aston: Going
Saraniah Aston: I guess to a place I've never been before. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just said something important just sit there you right. I know fighting for something. I know I want to go away from chaos. I know that much. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Recognize
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
No.
Saraniah Aston: There's a world. I haven't been to yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, if it's any consolation.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to know how you're going to get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: right leaning in and faith that it's there.
Saraniah Aston: I think I'm gonna start writing every single day.
Saraniah Aston: Serious journaling.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get all these thoughts written down. Tell me what that's going to do for you.
Saraniah Aston: So I can have the symbolism there so I can go back to it.
Saraniah Aston: And so I can build on it. And so I can find the answers for myself.
Saraniah Aston: Because I want the answers you know
Saraniah Aston: Like I would really like to know because I've known you
Saraniah Aston: How do I make my. How do I make that blessed happen the heart explosion. The
Saraniah Aston: Goodness everywhere. The gift.
Saraniah Aston: Myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it was your daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you know it there, you may not have heard, you know, had it real clean taught delivered shown and model from the generation above you. Okay, but your intentions are very loving for your daughter. You want the best for her. And that's the truth.
Saraniah Aston: That's why I left.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, so that you can use that doesn't have to be whether it's a romantic one or two family parent one kid. One Love is love. It's fine conditional. It doesn't wait for
Gwenevere Abriel: It does its thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It just does its thing. Okay, so
Saraniah Aston: Are you ready to go back to my daughter.
Saraniah Aston: Is you to keep remembering my daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Focus know how you said I need to focus. I need to focus on what I'm what. Okay. You do know.
Saraniah Aston: Because when I focus on her, it will pull me out of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in
Saraniah Aston: Some sort of strength comes from nowhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your intentions become very clear. They're not mixed
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything gets really clear.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's the part where psychotherapy and psychobabble comes in.
Saraniah Aston: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: When your dad says something really
Gwenevere Abriel: Tries to say, I've always been loving and kind to you. It's just your memory or mom says
Gwenevere Abriel: I won't take care of you ever again. If you ever talk to your dad or your brother says some horrifying thing. Who knows what
Gwenevere Abriel: Can come here, right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: We decide
Gwenevere Abriel: We decide how we're going to feel about this moment. And if you say you want to feel good. Then you come here, you come to this love this simple intention over and over and over.
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, I think that's where the journaling will really help you
Saraniah Aston: Because I need that. I need to come back.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can see how your I use this word seduce
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just so familiar to take on these accusations and these insults of other people. It's just so like
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mind. I get it. I'm the one that's right. A fan unwanted there it is again, there it is again. And there it is again and they hurt and they're so real.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't feel good.
Saraniah Aston: Boy, we have to have a lot of control.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we can we can play all these all these fancy terms, you know, and my this and my dad and we can simplify. Right. We can just zero in tunnel vision.
Gwenevere Abriel: If my intent have this explosion of the
Gwenevere Abriel: End to break free of fear right and anger that being sort of lost that containment is
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's what these other things are
Gwenevere Abriel: You just stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember over and over, and it might take doing it 3040 times a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, then
Gwenevere Abriel: Then 20
Gwenevere Abriel: And then 10 and then two
Gwenevere Abriel: And then once a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right, it becomes so habitual that this other way of doing you and it's just unpleasant and I don't wanna
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What these other habits, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me, let me just give you another chance to look at your page and remembering how we started. I invited you to put in that containment of all of this trauma and hurt and keep it contained and then to put in place.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the negative space all the rest of your consciousness, all of your other awaken us all there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a step back and why don't you tell me what you see your created. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: See
Saraniah Aston: I see timeline wasted.
Saraniah Aston: To focus
Saraniah Aston: I need to
Saraniah Aston: waste time on all this shit that happened and starts to destroy me.
Saraniah Aston: Because if I don't focus on her and I let this these people in these things take over. I won't get anywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's kind of take focus and
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's what science will tell you about focus
Gwenevere Abriel: For some brains. It's more natural than others. Okay. And you've had a large barrage of demand from your limbic system that you attend to self preservation. It has demanded.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you see the US, the other people as dangerous and risky. And so it's a lot to ask you to turn that focus away from life threatening all it's a lot to ask of you.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I guess. Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: I guess there's a point where I'm gonna have to leave those
Saraniah Aston: Not leave them behind necessarily completely, but
Saraniah Aston: Kind of leave, leave them to
Saraniah Aston: Live
We
Gwenevere Abriel: Just leave them here.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And notice that I have this little love bombs everywhere, right.
Saraniah Aston: Like protective barriers.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for me, what was coming up with. I really want this, this guy to just completely like expand into this blast. Now, you never get to that imagery, but boy, I sure had it when I'm starting
Saraniah Aston: To hear
Saraniah Aston: You kind of did for the both of us actually
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Saraniah Aston: Recognize, okay. I have a feeling it's gonna come anyways.
Saraniah Aston: Because when I'm done talking to you. I usually think for like a few hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Guys, did in me. And when I place for me help care for that looks a lot like love when I have that it's pure and simple in my daughter. I need to focus when I'm focused here. The rest of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Plus important
Saraniah Aston: Yep, this is
Gwenevere Abriel: My focus up. You're trying to distract me again. Oh, and it's going to get intense
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm here will do this together, but you have you
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to add, I can't handle this. You don't even have to know how you're going to get there if you have enough faith that this focus on your daughter is enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you just come back to it. Come back to it. You can breed and come back to it and you redraw this you re collage it and you manifest this over and over and over and over until it's automatic. And, well, then she's back here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you're there or whatever.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do some breathing. Let's see where we ended today you set your intention with. I want to feel better.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did to make that happen. You did some cool stuff in here. What did you do
Saraniah Aston: You
Saraniah Aston: Do some symbolism.
Saraniah Aston: Little box to put things in
Saraniah Aston: And
Saraniah Aston: I feel a little bit more control and I feel so good and I feel a little bit. I feel definitely reminded of what's important.
Saraniah Aston: And that gives me strength.
Saraniah Aston: Oh,
Saraniah Aston: Right, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep determination. Remember we said what kills and determination is is sort of like our little tasks. It's like, that's how I go get that water bill that's how I make sure that I really do know where my passport. That's how I make sure those
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are the evidence of our determination and is fueled by that imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: Your intention. Your loving intention of your daughter, and you don't complicated with
Gwenevere Abriel: Just let that be the day and then do that again tomorrow as best as you can. And yes, it will start to fall away, but we'll come right back to it and that journaling, like you said,
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe take what we didn't hear really fine tune it so it's nice and tight and clear post it somewhere. Come up with a mantra, something that really resonates with you and then you can remember it.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, well I got a whiteboard to who is markers. So I get to have that to daily
Saraniah Aston: That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And look where it was way up to the top going to get there. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's neat. You had some cool things with the stairs, you know, away from chaos. I don't know how I'm going to get this space, but I know the focus is my loving intention with my daughter and back to it again. And believe it or not, what we're talking about right now, when someone insults.
Gwenevere Abriel: This may seem like what does one half with the other it absolutely has something to do with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have you have no extra time to waste. You've got to love yourself, you've got to love your daughter to waste not in entertaining there insult.
Gwenevere Abriel: Entertaining a criticism.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a distraction. If it really helps you focus then you listen and you read it. Okay. Well, alright, it's not going to help me. It is not helping. I need to stay focused and on you go
Gwenevere Abriel: On
Gwenevere Abriel: And off you go.
Saraniah Aston: You do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I did.
Saraniah Aston: You just like you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Freedom. I have is hard earned. Once you get yours, then you can teach other people. And guess who you're going to get to teach it to your job.
Gwenevere Abriel: She won't be a little badass.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all. You bet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule another time to meet. Let me take a peek of
Gwenevere Abriel: Next week,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh no, I kept 1pm open for you for 14
Gwenevere Abriel: But if that doesn't work. We can play with different days and times while there's still a chance they're going to get booked up pretty quickly. Right now we've got some places.
Saraniah Aston: We had one for the 18th, right, was that it
Gwenevere Abriel: Saturday. So my guess is it's 14 which is next Tuesday.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, that's perfect. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: For slash 14 at 1pm
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so feel like this.
Saraniah Aston: All right, I will be here. There
Saraniah Aston: You go very far beyond your pay grade. Thank you for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I look forward to seeing you in growth medication, you need to text, a doctor or anything. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: All right, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Saraniah Aston: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Focus, focus, focus.
Saraniah Aston: Focus. Okay. Okay.